Hello dear friends with you Maxim
this is another video i will unpack
here come a couple of me here
this is from china this is from japan as we see
and the quality of the packages will give
to me that it is 20 dollars and it is 80
dollar figure here in both
boxes of toys for small children
just like I like, let's
start with a Chinese upakovochke
somehow not neatly they seem beautiful i
I think yes no brand anything pleasant
what can catch the eye more than that
it says the price is 2 dollars although I
paid 20 honest green american
dollars unpack and and also
sloppy and already know I already know what
here the box will be crumpled and a hundred
percent because
because they know the approximate dimensions of this
man will not get 5 stars in any
only if he does not return even
a few dollars and be sure to him
I will write
do petrikas this figure from the series
hasbro cheap figures and you know what else
in my opinion it is possible even from the same
man i ordered carnage which
highly
I am satisfied that he was
defective in it was somewhat say
so viruses are a few minuses
one of them was a very significant leg
didn't twist in one of the joints all aha
here we see a box in a box or not
don't see much of it yet
Sudan material that can be by the elbow
yes you hear this wonderful sound
relaxes
let's get it soon I can resist
need to get fun so still cardboard
points or crumpled box on like this
unpleasant actually already practically
got and yurika rumpled
all unpleasantly dented account we continue
unpack already I see a request a 5
stars well of course 10 you stars fagot
since you packed so see shorter he
took from seed on this box here we are
we see the veins and the magician gorgan veins that
which scorpion is very crumpled to me
neatly packed at all I came
from the same series but very clearly
and exactly recently came lizard was there
chic packing stone with joy
collide 5 stars here about her
the box is damaged don't know you see it
or not this is a very big minus for me
as for typical zadrota on figures
Now in itself the figure is
reviewed after a certain number of days
maybe years this is the penultimate
veins of those that I say like
and these are veins from marvel legends veins
marvel select
this veins hasbro is another slave from
a series of hasbro which I am nowhere not where
I will not get it and
eggs are very rare let's move on to
the next box is a parcel of
Japan as we see here a lot
See brands I do not know whether or not I saw
why do I need so much incomprehensible
that they fuck nobody needs clearly
written no cost 2 dollars
find parcels and here we see that 5
thousand young figurine 1800 delivery
this figure is meant over there my
spouses
she sits and waits for me to say this
her figurine and herself she is shy throughout
visibility filmed let's unpack it
neater we do it though to hell
accuracy the main thing is what is
inside
I hope if I start cutting like this
won't hurt anything until the cardboard is cut
right along with the figure that's there
the box is damaged
calm calmly marauder their
by methods
Now probably famous for the whole world
almost come on already Japanese
the box is not easy to cut and
touch is not American forgive me
chinese piece of paper wound
wrapped paper in which tetris and
wrapped up
for some reason with tetris I have here
this is the paper that is associated with
it is possible to burst well we tear off everything
create
here we have a typical paper for a half
ruble everything is done in order to
the figurine survived yes it's so almost
then committed from the film company here
we have a half-breed with a small
statues don't you know whether figure action
Kara Maru such a dog they met
in persona 3 in my weight or hephaestus horseradish
you know in general, and a series of games person
unpacking and review of this figure will and
I don't even know when
directly from Japan is very desirable because
tell my wife's figurine like that
here you can evaluate in short what we got
from China and that from Japan are wonderful
packed intact box item
and all estimates and for a long time and parvati blister
mouth in general dear friends what situations
arise and here it was mean van gogh
singa of my packages
only one remained
cheap figure that still goes to
me this man is a spider with some
unknown accessories as I come
I'll write this video and I will probably
now every package is this
write and now thank you all for
view bye